;; This buffer is for notes you don't want to save, and for Lisp evaluation.
;; If you want to create a file, visit that file with C-x C-f,
;; then enter the text in that file's own buffer.

Domain theory

* Organizing committee Andrej Bauer and Martin Escardo.

* PC

A compendium member (Mislove, Lawson)
Programming language (Plotkin, Pitts)
Synthetic (Hyland, Rosolini, Simpson)
Higher-type Computability (Ulrich Berger, Dag Normann, John Longley)

* On the occasion of Dana Scott 85th birthday and 50 years of
domain theory.

The Workshop on Domains is aimed at computer scientists and
mathematicians alike who share an interest in the mathematical
foundations of computation. The workshop will focus on domains,
their applications and related topics.  Previous meetings were
held in Darmstadt (94,99,04), Braunschweig (96), Munich (97),
Siegen (98), Birmingham (02), Novosibirsk (07) and Brighton (08),
Swansea (2011), Paris (2014), Cork (2015).

SCOPE

    Domain theory has had applications to programming language
semantics and logics (lambda-calculus, PCF, LCF), recursion theory
(Kleene-Kreisel countable functionals), general topology (injective
spaces, function spaces, locally compact spaces, Stone duality),
topological algebra (compact Hausdorff semilattices) and analysis
(measure, integration, dynamical systems). Moreover, these
applications are related - for example, Stone duality has given
rise to a logic of observable properties of computational
processes.

* organisational part:

*        contact information for the workshop organizers;

*        proposed affiliated conference: LICS


* estimate of the number of workshop participants: 55-65

* proposed format and agenda (e.g. paper presentations, tutorials, demo sessions, etc.);


* Invited speaker: Dana Scott.

* potential invited speakers: Fourman, Rosolini, (Birkedal,) Lawson

This includes three PhD students of Dana Scott's from different periods and areas of research, and a collaborator in the Compendium of Continuous Lattices, in the field of topology and topological algebra. Other potential speakers are listed below.

This is a preliminary list, to be completed by the programme committee. 

* procedures for selecting papers and participants;

The program committee will select plenary speakers and invited speakers, as well as contributed papers based on submitted 2-page abstracts. 


Many other people are also qualified to represent the depth of domain theory, including: Abramsky, Berger, Erhard, Edalat, Hyland, Longley, Normann, Simpson. 

* plans for dissemination, if any (e.g. a journal special issue);

  Post-proceedings.

* duration 2 days, no preference mid or post FLoC, after LICS.


* Schedule

Day 1

Morning 1 - 90 - Dana's session (introduction, talk (60), questions and discussion)
--
Morning 2 - 60 - 2 invited
--
Afternoon 1 - 60 - Invited (plennary)
Afternoon 2 - 30 - Invited
--
Afternoon 3 - 90 - Contributed (dagger)

Day 2

Morning 1 - 60 - Invited (plennary)
Morning 2 - 30 - Invited
--
Morning 3 - 60 - 2 invited
--
Afternoon 1 - 60 - Invited (plennary)
Afternoon 2 - 30 - Invited
--
Afternoon 3 - 90 - Contributed (dagger)

(dagger) Up to 4 in each session, up to a total of 8, to be decided by
programme committee.
